we all know that the heat situation is
the city is enough
unstable
whether it is due to debtors and
lack of sufficient
financing area is warm and
water supply
and aesthetic situation at the factory
shale established recently
but the situation is such
way that the district leadership
have to look and offers as
alternatives other sources
heat supply
as one of the solutions to this
problems that offered residents
micro district onions head of the district of Vladimir
Stanislavovich Petrov
this installation of gas boilers
at the request of the head of the district deputies
City Council Evgeny Evgenievna
Gavrilova
It was entrusted to select four
most worthy people in town and set
EU gift from Vladimir Wort
Chepikova gas boilers
we have long known that some of our people
Abu Dhabi City
soccer player versions
continue there is an opportunity
be heated
using the coordinate system
for such a dream about us
together with a neighbor but communism and from what
I know for sure that the crew is arriving
from Peter who is celebrated 4 driver
for this flood zone
you can save
of course
took part in the experiment
setting these goats carries
many advantages
first people meet then
when they consider it necessary
they then when served
district heating
secondly year round there is an opportunity
use hot water
which is also important in our city
especially in summer
Well, in the third and most importantly
probably the owners of such boilers
save significant
cash
Scartel Mike and neat yourself
so
so called picture
no, i don't want it
great room but how are you the same
bye locally 10 centimeters
percent
5 cm drop in Russia
simple in the kitchen neater
upcoming game
task
I think we started carefully planning
start the game I think that he
this month
as bright as reuters transmits visitors 350 million
and plus 300 rubles and also taken
will it succeed here 3 650
3,650
I think that two thousand
This happens
led speaker two thousand
why i'm satisfied so far the gas installation
boilers deal for males still quite
new
advantages of new alternative
private sector technologies unrecoverable
the court found in his house a new
modern equipment never
didn't regret it
the apartment is dry warm and comfortable
and if earlier in our city installation
such boilers were problematic
now the slate has come firm which
specializes in precisely this so
the choice is yours